I don't read much fiction anymore but
this book literally changed my life this
isn't us at impact Theory being in a
bubble there is a whole world of hyper
successful entrepreneurs for whom it's
not enough to have made a ton of cash
they really want to do
[Music]
something what's up B how you doing how
you been to see you hey you
too what is up everybody I'm here at one
of my favorite bookstores in LA and it
is not often that I go to a physical
bookstore but I'm here with my man
Daniel dza AKA rich2 something we got to
get your book out man oh I got to get it
out where that book is man there it is
there will be no mistake what this book
is about ditch your average job start an
epic business and score the life you
want really excited for this bad boy to
come out which is why I want to be out
here in full force supporting this this
man has been a day one supporter of
impact Theory I could not be more
grateful and I want to make sure that
people understand what this guy is all
about so today what he and I are going
to be doing going inside each picking
three books that have really impacted us
on a deep and transformational level
come on let's go inside let's pick some
books love
it
[Music]
we are here on UCLA campus uh which is
stunningly beautiful it is a place of
Higher Learning because we want to talk
about books and education's place moving
forward and so each of us picked three
books although I have to best
I pick four um since I have four I guess
I for balance sake um I will go we'll
start with the
Gunslinger now I don't read much fiction
anymore but this book literally changed
my life it is the reason that I started
reading my dad um basically I was saying
I don't like to read I don't like to
read and my dad said look I'm read this
one book if after reading that you still
don't like reading I'll never ask you to
read another book again um so I took it
I read it and to this day in fact we're
going to see if I'm right I remember the
first line which is the man in Black
fled across the desert and the
Gunslinger followed come on I don't know
what it was about that just really
really hit me it captivated me and by
the time I got to the end of it I
realized Everyone likes to read just
some people haven't found what they'd
like to read about that's a really good
great Point yeah this is the this is the
way of the superior man by David daa
nice you read this yet no I picked this
book because I read this once a year
okay I've been reading this since I was
18 once a year wow and how did you come
across it at
I I I just started figuring out what
personal development was and um this is
probably one of the one of the more like
new Agy things I read because I'm not
too much into the secret and the
spiritual stuff a little bit um but what
I like so good so much about this book
is
that it seems to me that as I get older
the book itself becomes meaningful in
multiple different places because this
book deals with how to think about
yourself how to think about your
relationships to women and your work and
how to develop a sense of self-mastery
wow cool yeah great book like it a lot
it's one of my favorites read it every
year break it up well let's go with one
that I think maybe is a bit obvious for
me which is Phantoms in the brain uh vs
ramachandran this book was
in fact it says right here on the cover
enthralling he's very cheeky and funny
and he tells these incredible tales that
are in and of themselves like
spellbinding whether you're interested
in Neuroscience or not he really draws
you in but in looking at the ways that
the brain goes Ary there's something
incredibly revelatory about how the
brain is pulling tricks on you and it
was really reading this that brought
home to me the fact that my brain is
lying to me maybe with all the best
intentions in the world but it is it is
constructing a reality from the inputs
that it gets and from the hard wirring
of from an evolutionary perspective like
all theistic you know the rules of thumb
the algorithms and everything that it's
using um and those things sometimes work
for you in some context but other
contexts they don't work and if there
was one gift I could give anybody it
would be to have a healthy skepticism
for what your brain tells you and once I
realized that I could be skeptical then
it was like okay well if I'm picking
choosing what I believe that's with this
notion of do and believe that which
moves you towards your goals that's it
like and I'm not going to just because I
have a negative emotion I'm not going to
believe it and just because I have a
positive emotion I'm not going to just
believe it it's got to go through the
filter of whether or not it helps me
have you read this one yetep yeah so
fantas pretty good right deep work goes
into what it takes to
create astounding levels of um
productivity and prolific levels of work
kind of like the Pablo Picasso so the
book is about Focus really when it comes
down to it but if you look outside the
book look at how the author is living
Cal doesn't have any social media he's
pretty hard to get in contact with uh
he's very focused on his work he
produces a lot and he's very serious
about his time also another thing that I
was brought to my attention when I read
this there's there's a finite amount of
like deep work you can do in a day so
maybe you might get two to three hours
out of like deep deep work and the rest
has to be a little bit more surface
level because there's only so much time
you can focus your brain has a finite
amount of like decision- making power
and willpower and so when you learn how
to balance that plus you get really
clear on what you need to do you get a
lot more done all right the
daing by stepen Mitchell at least his
translation uh by loudu obviously as the
author um this book was one in in terms
of content so like Stephen King sort of
structurally made me open my mind to
reading but this book actually like I
went hard for that DS Viewpoint for a
while like in a big way way and it
really um you know that whole concept of
be like water I had a friend in fact one
of my best friends growing up who was
also really into the da Jing and so for
us to be able to talk and bond and over
that was incredibly incredibly powerful
but I mean now looking back at how young
I was when I encountered it it's you
know I encountered it very early in my
life but at the time it felt like man
I've lived my whole life from a western
perspective and now to get like this
Eastern perspective is so fascinating
and it's such a different way of looking
at it instead of it being about like
Dogma it was about how to think about
the world right and that really put me
on that path to realizing that
perspective like just how you come at
something is is so important and that
now I mean has solidified into like my
stance on life like perspective matters
okay Four Agreements have you read this
one I haven't The Four Agreements by Don
Miguel Ruiz now a couple things about
this fiction or nonfiction it's
non-fiction similar to some of the books
we've been talking about really is more
about a way a way of thinking and so if
you want even open the inside cover you
can see like they're already laid out
Four Agreements are be impeccable with
your word don't take anything personally
don't make assumptions always do your
best when when it talks about being
impeccable with your word it doesn't
just mean with your word to other people
yes on your commitments that's a big one
but one thing that I got out of this was
be impeccable with your word to yourself
the way that you talk to yourself just
like we're discussing earlier affects
the actions you take the way you think
about yourself and what happens in your
world selft talk is very important and
it's very overlooked in our discussion
of self-development um there is a lot of
there's a lot of um input that we take
in trying to like fix what's going on in
our heads but a lot of times we don't
fix our selft talk um when I was when I
was a kid one of the things that stuck
out to me a lot about my my grandmother
was that she'd monitor things I would
say so if IID ever say something like oh
I'm so stupid or like oh why didn't I do
that she'd always say don't talk about
yourself like that she'd always catch me
on the the slightly negative ideas I'd
have about myself to the point where I
was almost unable to say anything
negative about myself which I think like
yeah I feel like it really helped me
because only recently as I've been like
getting more stressed with more work
have I even seen a few chinks in my
armor like oh that was kind of a
negative thought but I've kept the
majority of them out because I have such
a strong base in self-belief in this
book book really talks about that all
right my last one is Einstein's
dreams uh by Alan Lightman this was a
real um eyeopener for me it was taking
these beautiful like what if scenarios
and showing me one another level to
fiction that fiction could really be
thought-provoking it is it's a bunch of
short stories about um different
meditations on time and there's one
story in here here that was has stuck
with me literally to this day and I
probably read this book when I was like
14 um and it's a world in which everyone
lives forever and the world fractures
into two kinds of people type one never
do anything because there's always time
to do it tomorrow and then type two do
everything because there's enough time
to do everything that you've ever wanted
to do you get good at right and so I I
really feel like that planted a seed in
me that has become I've never taken like
even even when I was young I never had a
sense of oh you can just like put it off
and put it off and put it off because
like what kind of person are you let's
talk about your book now break it down
for everybody what made you want to
write this book this is a commitment for
you most people in the business Niche I
guess this is a business book um it's
business Life Book A lot of people don't
write their own books I wrote every word
of this book it's this really
interesting hybrid
between my personal experience and the
actual strategy behind behind someone
who doesn't know what they want to do
and figuring out what that process is
going to be for your life for starting a
business for finding what it is you're
good at for connecting with people that
care about your work and then moving
forward even if you're at Absolute
Ground Zero which a lot of us start from
pick up a copy of the book read through
it and email me or DM me on Instagram or
hit me up I'm widely available one of
the things that I take pride in the most
is that I actually respond to people
surprise it's actually me it's not my
virtual assistant pick up the book start
reading and find the place that's most
relevant to you then email me get in
contact with me let's take the
conversation from there love that all
right guys one thing that I absolutely
love about Daniel is that he takes a no
BS approach he's not a hey like get rich
quick like I never would have vibed with
somebody like that and right from the
jump when we first met he was just being
honest and real about his own Journey
about insecurities pain points changes
that he had to go through everything in
order to be successful and he opens
himself up and shares it with his
audience and I love that man it's about
real value it's about not pulling
punches and telling people it's going to
be easy it's about telling people to put
in the work this man has been a
supporter of impact Theory from day one
and that is so incredibly meaningful to
me when nobody knew who we were or what
we were doing um he was there helping us
trying to push and promote and get the
word out um because he thought that we
were doing something unique and man I'm
telling you he's got a strategy of make
friends before you need them and that to
me is the only way to live life when you
start by giving something instead of
asking what you could get I literally
had nothing to offer him when we first
met uh and he still bent over backwards
to help me and to help the rest of the
team and I'm eternally grateful for that
and so guys please I'm I'm asking
straight up go buy the I think it will
be valuable I think it's going to give
you something that will be a huge
takeaway for you and then also he has
supported this community literally
before anybody else so help him out
let's get this book on the list Let's
help it make an impact with as many
people as we can and uh that's it man so
go out whatever preferred method you
have get this book go buy it show the
love support it and learn something and
Empower yourself and uh if you haven't
already be sure to subscribe find this
man at Rich 20 something you won't
regret it and until next time my friends
be legendary take
care